[orchestral music]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[music fades]
[soft pensive music]
[music turns hopeful]
[music fades]
[somber music]
-[music increases]
-[person whistles]
The latest report came from
deep inside the Sognefjord.
What exactly did you see there?
Yes. I. uh-- I. uh. saw a shadow
that seemed to. uh.
be breaking the surface.
[music continues]
[interviewer] So you took
your binoculars and went
-towards the window?
-Yes. I did and
when I looked out.
the window. I saw what
looked like a wave in the sea.
But I wasn't sure...
about the shape of the thing.
I really wasn't able
to make out what it was.
[interviewer] Uh. could you tell
me roughly how big it was?
No. I don't wanna answer that.
because I'm not exactly sure.
But it was at least 200 meters.
give or take a few.
I'm sure of that.
[somber music continues]
[interviewer] Navy vessels.
helicopters and planes
all searched the area for
several days.
Was there an unidentified
submarine in the Sognefjord.
or wasn't there?
[helicopter rumbling]
But it will probably be years
before that question
and many others are answered.
Maybe they will remain
unanswered forever.
[music increases. then halts]
[narrator] The Sognefjord.
[engine rumbling]
[muffled rumbling]
[engine rumbles]
[man whooping]
[men grunting]
[man howling]
[howls. then echoes]
-[howls. then echoes]
-[chuckles]
[echo continues]
[seagulls squawking]
[somber music]
[engine rumbling]
[music turns eerie]
-Hold on! Hold on!
-[grunts]
[music continues]
-Careful! Oh. shit!
-[screams]
[muffled grunting]
[screaming]
[narrator reads]
[soft suspenseful music]
[indistinct underwater ambiance]
[soft whirring]
[music increases then halts]
[heavy breathing]
[sighs]
[cellphone buzzing]
[computer beeping]
[narrator]
Institute of Marine Research.
[underwater growling]
[indistinct whirring]
[cellphone buzzing]
-[woman] Hey. there!
-[Larsen] Hey. listen.
I know it's your day off. but
did you happen to see
-the email I sent you?
-Oh. I'm sorry. uh--
I-- I haven't had time.
And. um. now
the movement pattern
has changed.
so I have to go back out.
I have to move
that hydrophone before that.
Right. right. well.
I need you on an inspection.
What do you mean. an inspection?
We got an alert about a
fish farm on the west coast.
So call the
Food Safety Authority.
Uh... no. uh. this is
a bit more specialized.
-[woman] Okay.
-And it's more exciting
than counting
porpoises and tallying
walruses and also
a fjord. to be honest.
Well. what can I tell you?
They were here first.
Nobody knows more
about this than you. Johanne.
This is your field.
[chuckles]
Where on the west coast?
Vangsnes.
[suspenseful music]
But you know Vangsnes
is a no-go for me.
We've talked about this.
[stutters]
You know
I can't go there. Kjell.
They're doing sonic
delousing. It's your invention.
Either way. you know
I'm done with that industry.
Yeah. well. I'll send you
a video from
the whistleblower now.
Okay. I have to get going now.
I have a birthday thing.
Fine. but just get up there
and send me reports
as you go along. please.
God. now they're singing
Happy Birthday and everything.
So we'll talk later. okay?
[melancholic music]
[loud thud]
[vehicle beeping]
-[music fades]
-[seat whirrs]
[notification chimes]
-[man on video] Holy shit!
-[mysterious music]
Uh. there must be
hundreds of them.
Look! Look. Maria! It's crazy!
[Maria on video]
They're going crazy!
[man] I know! What's going on?
[Maria] There's loads
over here. Tommy!
It must be the fish farm.
I bet it is.
[Tommy] Yeah!
[sighs]
This is bad. I mean seriously.
[Tommy] All those fuckers!
[music continues]
[music turns suspenseful]
[cellphone line beeping]
[female voice] The person
you are calling cannot be
reached at this moment.
[plane rumbling]
[music fades]
This 9000-year-old
arrowhead proves it.
[woman speaking Japanese]
The glaciers. they're melting at
a great pace.
But... there is an upside.
The water from the glacier.
the crisp. clear. pure water
mixes with the fjord.
[woman translating]
It's the deepest fjord
in the world. 1300 meters.
[woman translating]
And it's the perfect place for
our superior salmon to grow up.
[man speaking Japanese]
[woman] Oh!
Take a low pass
over the fish farm.
[engine rumbling]
[hopeful music]
Hey. look up.
Woo!
So. this is where the magic
happens.
We use this room
to adjust and monitor
our Sonic Lice technology.
[man] The arrowhead worked?
To ensure...
...the quality
and the health of our salmon.
Georg here
is our head technician.
[speaking Japanese]
[chuckles]
-Uh. video.
-[Georg] Yeah. [clears throat]
If I can direct
your attention this way.
[male voice on video]
Welcome to Vangsnes.
A place where innovation
meets nature.
The salmon in the fjord
is under attack
by lice that works
much like a parasite
that attaches itself
to a host and kills it.
Sonic Lice is the solution.
Using
state-of-the-art technology
to safely remove the lice.
our new transducers
are using soundwaves
to remove the parasite.
This is a safe
and environmentally friendly
way to save the salmon.
Join us at Western Salmon.
where tomorrow's technology
creates a better everyday life.
Sonic Lice to the rescue.
Sonic Lice.
the future of salmon.
-[man speaking Japanese]
-[woman chuckles]
Thank you. Georg.
That was. of course. uh.
an educational video.
[muffled hip-hop music]
[music continues on speakers]
[music stops]
[Johanne sighs]
[cellphone line ringing]
[Erik]
Hey. you've reached Erik.
Leave a message
after the beep.
There's the brain behind
Sonic Lice himself.
Erik is our head aquatic
engineer and my on-site manager.
Sonic Lice is impressive.
but I heard
the sonic sound treatment
can stress the salmon
and stop their growth.
No. not at all. no.
We take great pride
in the well-being
-and the health of our fish.
-[woman translating]
The trick is finding
the right frequency.
Too low. it doesn't work.
Too high. yeah. it can.
And it can even disrupt the
entire ecosystem in the fjord.
[speaking Japanese]
What do you mean
by disrupt the ecosystem?
There's no chance of that.
[chuckles]
We have developed the software.
Adjusting the frequency based on
the stress levels of our fish.
But the transducer
is the heart of Sonic Lice.
-[speaking Japanese]
-[woman] Elegant stuff.
Cake?
Shiro. you wanna start?
[narrator reads]
[upbeat music]
[man on microphone]
Up next is Jonnes!
He's a regular
here in Vangsnes.
[people cheering]
Jonnes. are you ready to jump?
[woman] Johanne! Johanne!
-Hi!
-[Johanne chuckles] Hi!
-It's been a long time.
-[woman] Very long. [chuckles]
-Hey. Henriette. can I be rude?
-Oh. hey Biruth. oh. yes.
Uh. just one second.
-What happened?
-[indistinct]
[men laughing
and cheering indistinctly]
[man on microphone]
Full-speed dive!
-A round of applause!
-[people cheering]
[muffled thud]
-[man on microphone]
Did you see that? What a...
-[indistinct]
-[man] Happy to be here.
-[Henriette] So. look
who's here.
-[Johanne chuckles]
-Jeez!
-Hey. it's been
a while. quite a while.
-[Johanne] Yeah. really long.
-About three years.
-Three years?
-No way! It must be
-Uh. could be. Yeah.
more like. seven.
-[chuckles]
-[Johanne] Probably...
Hey. Maria! Come
and meet your old babysitter!
Uh. so what are you doing here?
-I'm here for an inspection.
-Ah.
-An inspection? Huh.
-[Johanne] Yeah.
[chuckles] Hi!
-My God. Maria.
you're all grown up.
-Hi!
-Do you recognize her? Huh?
-[Maria] Um...
-[Henriette] Ring a bell?
-You're working
at Marine Research center?
Yeah. That's right. yes.
[vehicle honking]
-[Maria] Uh. see you.
-Sure thing.
[chuckles]
She's a dedicated young lady.
I have to go
take that picture now.
-Mm-hmm.
-Take care.
Good to see you!
[man speaking indistinctly
on microphone]
So. um. can I borrow you a sec?
Of course.
-[machinery whirring]
-[suspenseful music]
[Henriette] They've been
popping up across the fjord.
These must've been really deep.
All the buoys have deflated.
[Henriette]
That's several tons of nets.
How could they have
move around like this?
I'm gonna check with my people.
[soft chuckle]
[seagulls squawking]
This is where we were filming.
It's crazy you blew the whistle.
What's crazy about that?
It's her father. man.
That takes real guts.
Is your father who
runs the fish farm?
Yeah.
Wow.
So. how many views
does the video have?
Dude. you got to stop nagging
about those views already.
A bunch of fat girls
scrolling through TikTok
and seeing the videos
means nothing.
You really think
it means anything?
That's not why we're here. man.
-We're here
to do something. aren't we?
-Yeah.
And to make a difference?
Have you heard about
David Suzuki?
Do you know who David Suzuki is?
No. who's that?
[scoffs]
[exhales]
[man]
You know who Greta Thunberg is?
Greta Thunberg comes up
to David Suzuki's bellybutton.
Alright. let's do it then.
I wanna grab a beer.
[Georg on radio]
There's plenty of cake left.
[chuckles]
Did you know that the Japanese
actually don't like marzipan?
[chuckles then grunts]
[muffled upbeat pop music]
[sighs]
Okay. Georg.
you can turn it back on.
Okay. same strength?
Take the frequency
down two notches.
Okay. copy that.
-[pop music stops]
-[keyboard clacking]
[computer beeping]
[suspenseful music]
[machinery whirring]
[computer voice]
Module 4. active.
[mechanical buzzing]
[buzzing slowly muffles]
[muffled rumble]
[high-pitched muffled ring]
[high-pitched ring]
[computer voice] Attention.
Reduce Sonic Lice intensity.
Attention. Reduce Sonic Lice--
-[computer beeps]
-Deactivating alarm.
[seagulls squawking]
[boat's motor rumbling]
[soft melancholic music]
Look. look at that shit
over there.
You have to shut it down
before it's too late.
The fjord isn't
like it used to be.
You know.
I've missed you too. Olav.
[Olav chuckles]
[muffled high-pitch ringing]
-[music ends abruptly]
-[case clanks]
[boat honking]
Thanks for the ride!
[sighs]
[melancholic music continues]
[indistinct rumble]
[Georg distantly] 'Cause. you
know. if you use 98 octane.
you fuck with the carburetor.
the spark plugs.
I mean. you get
soot all over that shit.
How long have you stored the
engine with that shit. man?
It rusts from the inside.
It should've been
changed ages ago.
-I mean. what are you
guys doing?
-[Erik] Thanks. Georg.
-any more good suggestions?
-Just saying. you're never gonna
-get that working.
-[door opens in background]
[Erik] If Jostein calls.
I'm in the workshop.
[music continues]
Erik?
[pull cord yanked]
[Erik groaning]
Hi. Erik.
[music fades]
I tried to call you
on the way up. but I. um...
What are you doing here?
I work for Marine Research.
I'm here for an inspection.
Right.
Uh-huh.
You're running
the show over here. I see.
That's pretty cool.
[Jostein] Erik? Listen.
The inspector's
on their way out here.
and I recommend to please--
[Georg grunting]
Hey. Jostein called. uh...
Say hello to Johanne.
She's here for an inspection.
-Hi! Uh. hi.
-This here is Georg.
Johanne.
[Erik] Well. I don't know
where you wanna start?
Georg. why don't you tag along
and show her around the place?
Yeah. okay just...
[clears throat] follow me.
[intriguing music]
[footsteps receding]
Well. the whole fish farm
is assembled
out of all sorts of modules
from various old warships.
So... here's the lab.
Okay.
[Georg] It's run down.
but the equipment is brand new.
The steel is 35 millimeters
at its thickest
and then we'll find
starboard here.
Over here.
-Sorry. I...
-Yeah.
[grunting]
...just need to get this.
There we go.
This is actually
an old captain's cabin.
Okay...
-Yeah.
-[Johanne] Thank you.
I've got the technicals
on one and two.
-so just...
-Uh...
[music continues]
[Erik] Is she staying here?
Hey. yeah.
Right.
Let me know when you're ready.
[clears throat]
[music continues]
[seagulls squawking]
[music fades]
[muffled underwater ambiance]
[water splashes abruptly]
[Erik sighing]
[chuckles]
What can you hear?
-I heard you.
-[Erik chuckles]
[Johanne chuckles]
But what I meant was...
...did you find anything...
...to get us in trouble?
Not yet.
[pensive music]
Wanna listen?
-[grunts]
-[Johanne chuckles]
[both laugh]
-[Erik] Alright.
-Take this.
[soft chuckle]
Why did you really come?
[seagulls squawking
at a distance]
Erik.
[eerie whirring]
You still in or what? Huh?
[soft radio music]
[soft clinking]
-We agreed
on this yesterday. right?
-But what about the wild salmon?
The wild salmon
are fucked anyway.
[scoffs]
Let's just wait.
Johanne will help us
shut the fish farm down.
[sighs]
Well. enjoy your eggs. kids.
I'm going for a swim.
[crab skittering]
[suspenseful music]
[upbeat muffled music]
[music continues on speakers]
[radio announcer]
In Vangsnes in the Sognefjord
two people have gone missing.
[Henriette] Alright.
there's no problem with that.
-Do you want coffee?
-Yes. please.
[melancholic music]
[Henriette] Jostein.
can't you just let them go up
in the seaplane by themselves?
Do you have
to be there all the time?
[Maria laughs]
[Maria speaking indistinctly]
[door opens]
-[Maria laughs]
-[man] ... yes. but it's true.
-[Johanne] Hi.
-Hi.
-[both chuckle]
[toilet flushes]
-[Maria] What's up?
-[man grunts]
[Henriette] Hey. Maria.
where are you. honey?
-[man] I'd wait a bit
to use the toilet.
-[Maria] Mo-- Hey. Mom...
[Henriette]
But I need to know this things.
I invited people for lunch.
That's exactly what annoys me.
Maybe you should
move to Japan. huh?
You know that?
You're never here anyway.
Yeah. I do mean that.
-You always promise me
the same...
-Is that your boat?
-Yeah.
-[Henriette] Jostein...
-[Johanne] It's really nice.
-Thank you.
I got it from my dad.
for my confirmation.
[Henriette] Well. there has to
be a way. figure it out.
What's it called?
It doesn't have a name. for now.
But I'm thinking maybe
something with
-Stella or Star.
-[Henriette speaking
indistinctly in background]
I saw the video you sent.
-You did?
-[Johanne] Mm-hmm.
-Is that why you're here?
-Mm-hmm.
[suspenseful music]
And what do you think?
What do you think?
[chuckles] I mean. the fish are
acting absolutely insane.
-[Johanne] Mm-hmm.
-so they can't even navigate.
-[Johanne] Yeah.
-Everything is fucked.
So. when are you going to shut
down that damn fish farm?
I'm not the one who does that.
But you saw what happened
in the video!
I write reports
and I log things.
-but that's
someone else's job. I--
-[scoffs]
So. there was no point in
sounding the alarm.
Let me say. Maria. I think it's
amazing that you care so much--
Oh. shut up.
you're all fucking corrupt.
[sighs] Yeah... that's my life.
[upbeat music]
How'd it go?
[Maria] Ugh. it went like shit.
-[music stops]
-[seagulls squawking]
Salmon mortality
increased in recent weeks.
Yes. and by a few percent.
But the salmon lice numbers
have gone down.
Are there many disoriented fish
in the area?
-No.
-[male voice on video] ... that
attaches itself
to a host and kills it.
Sonic Lice is the solution.
Using state-of-the-art
-technology to safely
-[Johanne] Did you make that
yourself?
-remove the lice.
-[Georg] Yeah.
our new transducers
are using sound waves
to remove the parasite.
For a healthier
salmon industry.
-through our cutting-edge
technology.
-[somber music]
we are creating green jobs
in Vangsnes.
[computer beeping]
I need the logs for Sonic Lice.
That might take some time.
It's the fucking Matrix.
this thing.
That's fine by me. I'll be here.
I'll take this.
[music fades]
[classical music]
And next year. we are planning
to triple our production.
[speaking Japanese]
Of course. we need. uh. to get
our applications approved.
And. uh. there are a lot of
regulations.
-Uh. and we really
-[inaudible]
want to keep the high quality.
The highest.
[woman translating]
Are you a small fish
or a big fish?
-[chuckles]
-[cellphone buzzing]
[laughs]
Excuse me.
I'm a bit busy right now.
Is it important?
Yes. One module is down.
and we're having an inspection.
[Jostein] Okay.
but you'll fix it. right?
-You fix everything.
-[Erik] But Jostein.
we need time
to organize things. I--
-Look. I think--
-[phone line cuts]
What exactly is she doing?
[Erik] Interviewing the salmon.
Asking them how they feel.
Erik...
she asked
for the Sonic Lice log.
Give it to her.
-[suspenseful music]
-Mmm.
-[Erik] Turn your walkie on!
-[door opens]
-[door closes]
-[radio turns on]
-[classical music continues]
-Uh. sorry about that. [sighs]
So. Jostein...
how many fjords
do you have in Norway?
How many do you want?
[muffled classical music]
[music turns eerie]
[electrical beeping]
[notification chimes]
-[phone chimes]
-[Johanne] Report inspection
Western Salmon Vangsnes.
Simulation of Sonic Lice
on live salmon heart.
[keyboard clacking]
Normal frequency.
no measurable effect.
[electric buzzing]
Frequency above the gut
off-limit.
immediately affects
the heart rhythm.
[buzzing intensifies]
[computer voice] Above blocking
level. above blocking level.
[wet blast]
[sustained beeping]
[Johanne] At max level we get
soft tissue collapse
and 100% mortality.
[electric buzzing]
-[heavy thud]
-[buzzing stops]
-[pop music]
-[computer beeping]
[alarm blaring]
-Erik. you have to
bring up four.
-[radio beeps]
[Erik] It's on its way!
It's on its way...
[thunder rumbling]
[Erik] Fuck.
[metallic rattling]
[scoffs]
I'll give you some light.
Under there. Thanks.
Yeah. I got you.
[Erik] I need to replace the
transducer.
It's crazy to see it like this.
And to think of all the hours
we spent on it. Remember?
It took a year to finish the
transducer after you left.
About four years to get this
module done.
-Hard work pays off.
-[chuckles]
-Yeah.
-[Erik] Mm-hmm.
so that means it works. then?
Huh?
Does it really work as
it should?
It got approved. right?
Yeah. but what about the
threshold values.
You figured all that out?
It works now.
[metallic thud]
[suspenseful music]
-Can you open it on that side?
-Okay.
-[Erik] Push it twice. thanks.
-[Johanne] Yup.
[soft thud]
[intriguing music]
What the fuck?
[thunder rumbling]
[wet crushing]
[Johanne] Oh my God!
Let me...
[music continues faintly]
[soft. wet crushing]
[Johanne on recording]
Discovery of unknown species
in Sonic Lice Module four.
Possibly attracted
by the sound itself.
Looks like
a deep-water organism.
Abnormal amino acid levels.
Never seen anything like it.
[wet squeezing]
[grunts]
Bioluminescence?
[Johanne] Looks like it. yeah.
But it's hard to determine
if it has the same
characteristics as a parasite.
In that case.
the host must be enormous.
So. you've discovered
a new species?
[chuckles]
[Erik chuckles]
You have some--
[water running]
[music continues]
[grunts]
[intriguing music continues]
[man] Do you need
help out there?
[Henriette] No. just pull back.
-[police officer]
It's the missing jet ski.
-Thanks.
[machinery whirring]
[indistinct conversations]
[man 2] Looks in rough shape.
Champ. don't get too close.
come back here.
[pop music]
[computer beeping]
Jesus. look at that.
[somber music]
We need to dive. man.
Erik. I have to--
[beeping continues]
[music increases]
[Georg]
Must be a porpoise that got in.
[breathing through mask]
[Erik] Okay?
Ready. Georg?
[muffled splash]
[suspenseful music]
[rope tightening]
[eerie sting]
Why did you have
to bring them up?
They were being eaten.
for fuck's sake!
They're in the cold room.
[music fades lightly]
[Henriette] Looks like it's
the two missing tourists.
Mm... [grunts]
[sighs]
-Erik. lights off. please?
-[door closes]
[light switch clicks]
Look at this.
[water dripping]
-[Henriette] What's that?
-[Johanne] It's bioluminescence.
Bacteria that reacts to an
enzyme and becomes luminescent.
-Have you seen milky seas?
-Yeah.
This is just like that.
-From the fish farm?
-No.
This must stem from an animal
deep in the ocean.
And with this amount of
luciferin. the animal must be...
big.
What could trigger
such a high production?
Many species produce more
luciferin if they. for example.
are spawning
or feel threatened by something.
[music intensifying gradually]
[skittering]
-[door closes]
-[soft music]
Hey. you.
[Jostein] Hi.
Hey!
How did it go today?
Did they seem happy?
Yeah. "How'd it go?" is right.
[Henriette] Bad?
[Jostein] Well. apparently...
they wanna make the project
ten times bigger.
[both chuckle]
-Yes?
-[Henriette] Congratulations!
[Jostein] We're signing at the
restaurant tomorrow.
-[chuckles] Thanks.
-[glasses clink]
-[distant door opens]
-[glass clinking]
-Mm!
-Mm. this is good.
-[Maria] Hey.
-Hey! Whe-- Where are you going
with that?
Gonna dump it in the fjord.
[Henriette sighs] If you're
gonna steal it.
could you at least not do it in
front of me?
Your mom's a cop.
You have to steal it
-in front of me! [chuckles]
-Oh. gosh.
I know that
you have two grown-up men
down in that boat of yours.
Damn. you look so tired. Mom.
[chuckles]
Couldn't you just support me
once in a while?
-I'm sorry.
-[sighs]
[dramatic. suspenseful music]
[mechanical whirring]
[muffled whirring]
[metallic rattling]
[faint splashes]
[loud splashing]
[somber music]
[indistinct squeaking]
-[high-pitched ringing]
-[muffled rumbling]
[muffled rumbling]
-[distorted rumbling]
-[explosion]
[gasps]
[exhales]
[wet movement]
-[skittering]
-[screaming]
[heavy breathing]
Fuck. Oh. fuck.
[muffled splashing]
-[soft splashing]
-[woman] Yeah!
-You got it.
-[woman 2] Now. you try!
-Go ahead!
-[man] Oh! [laughs]
-Nice. well done!
-[all cheering]
-Nice!
-[man] Woo!
Alright. looks like
she's got it too.
[eerie rumble]
Okay. Vigdis.
now it's your turn.
[pop music on speakers]
Are you ready?
Siri's got you.
Remember to flex your hip.
-Come on. Vigdis!
-[all cheering]
-[woman] You got this.
you got this.
-[man] You got this!
[people cheering]
Vigdis. Vigdis. Vigdis!
[suspenseful music]
[muffled struggling]
[seagulls squawking]
-[eerie rumble]
-[heavy splash]
Vigdis!
[eerie rumble]
-[loud splash]
-[all screaming]
[seagulls squawking]
[device beeping]
[muffled high-pitched whirring]
[deep rumble]
[seagulls squawking]
[music fades]
[constant rumbling]
[somber music]
[Johanne] How old were you
when that stuff happened?
Mm. I was maybe ten
or 11 years old.
Yeah?
There was a dense fog
everywhere.
And suddenly it was like
the whole fjord was sort of...
boiling up.
[hissing]
Then a giant shadow appeared.
And then it just vanished.
-[muffled pop music]
-[rain falling softly]
[engine rumbling]
Let's stop here.
We don't need to go any closer.
-Where is it?
-See that yellow buoy
with the light?
-Right there.
-You have your diving gear?
-Who. me?
-Yeah!
[man]
No. I don't have my diving gear.
-Are you kidding me?
-No. why should I have it?
You wrote that in the chat.
you would bring your
-gear.
-I... forgot.
-[indistinct grunting dialogue]
-Could you just stop?
[pop music continues]
[siren wails]
-Is she over there?
-Yes. the yellow one.
[suspenseful music]
[soft beeping]
[flies buzzing]
[sighs]
[eerie sting]
[grunts]
Did anyone see what happened?
[eerie sting]
[music increases. then halts]
[tape whirring]
[interviewer] Olav. can you tell
me how big it was?
No. I don't wanna answer that.
because I'm not exactly sure.
But it was at least 200 meters.
give or take a few.
I'm sure of that.
-[interviewer]
It was really that big?
-[young Olav] Yeah.
And afterwards. some porpoises
came by over there.
And they were jumping all over
and were completely spooked.
I just didn't like it.
it made me feel weird.
[interviewer] So you're saying
they were...
[man] I can't dive in this.
-[young Olav] Yeah.
-[man] I seriously think
there are mice in that suit.
[Maria sighs]
[young Olav continues
indistinctly on video]
-[tape recorder clicks]
-It has happened before.
Fish. scared on the land.
-Hey!
-[Olav] Hi.
Come with me.
What are you doing?
Eastern boys. huh?
Yeah. Cato and Hallvard.
this is Olav.
[Olav sighs]
What do you guys need?
[engine revving]
[somber music]
[muffled high-pitched ring]
[engine revving]
[screaming]
[muffled growl]
[eerie sting]
[wet skittering]
[high-pitched ringing]
[clicks]
[computer voice]
Above blocking level.
Above blocking--
It sounds normal to me.
Yeah. except that it was
recorded 1300 meters from here.
-No. That can't be right.
-[Johanne] Yes. Yes!
The frequency goes all the way
to the bottom of the fjord.
I made sure to set up
the blockers.
Then the blockers
aren't working. Erik!
-No. I know they're working.
-It's not safe.
There's something wrong
with Sonic Lice. okay?
The logs don't add up.
We couldn't make it
safe either. right?
Because it was never safe.
[music intensifying]
[sighs]
-[Erik] Wake up!
-[Georg grunts]
What?
Hey. what are you doing. man?
I need the live log
to check something.
-[Georg] Check what. Erik?
-[computer beeping]
Help me.
I need to check the blockers.
It's all fine.
But I'll let you know
if there's anything abnormal.
okay?
[cellphone buzzing]
[Erik]
Did you tell Georg to turn off
the blockers on Sonic Lice?
-How long has
this been going on?
-[clears throat]
-Jostein?
-Let's just calm down. okay?
This could fuck up
the entire fjord.
[Jostein] Did Johanne say that?
Johanne's just
trying to scare us.
I need spotless salmon
while the investors are here.
It's just for a few days.
then we will adjust it back.
We're signing now. You're about
to become very rich. Erik.
[scoffs] They'll shut all this
shit down. you know that. right?
I'll come out there
as soon as I'm done here.
Alright? B-- But now I have
to go. so I'm hanging up.
[phone beeps]
[thuds]
[dramatic music]
[Jostein] Sorry about that.
My wife. uh...
she's a police officer.
[woman] Everything looks great.
Jostein.
We would love to join you on
this journey.
[chuckles] Amazing.
[sighs] Champagne?
It's a very special Grand Cru
that I've saved for a very
special occasion.
[gasp]
-[glass shatters]
-[screaming]
[women screaming]
[typing]
[computer beeping]
[computer chimes]
[suspenseful music]
[Johanne] Look at this!
[computer beeping]
It's not just the salmon
you've deloused.
If what we found was a parasite.
do you know what that entails?
Either you haven't calibrated
that equipment of yours...
...or it's a monster salmon.
[Johanne] Erik...
-We're turning off
Sonic Lice. Georg.
-[Johanne] Yeah.
No. Not until Jostein's here.
[music increases]
[engine revving]
Could you please pack up?
We're closing the beach down.
[man] Okay. guys. out of the
water. come on now.
[Henriette] Could you please get
the kids out of the water?
-Okay. guys. listen.
the boat will be here very soon.
-[indistinct arguing]
We will all be waiting maybe
ten or 15 minutes more.
and. uh. all will be okay. Okay?
Hey. what's up?
Are you missing a boat?
[sighs] It should've
been here ages ago.
-Yeah? How long?
-Far too long.
[Cato] Where's that hood?
There it is.
[Hallvard] Cato. you ready?
[groans and sighs]
-[Cato] Careful. okay?
-[Maria] You guys.
-shut up!
-[Hallvard] I'm being careful.
[rushing footsteps approaching]
What's going on here?
She wants
to turn off Sonic Lice.
Uh. she doesn't have
the power to do that.
Just please listen to me.
Jostein. okay?
It's not just affecting
the salmon.
This is affecting
the entire fjord.
All the way to the bottom.
Are you lecturing me about the
Sognefjord?
Jostein...
-[eerie music]
-[sighs]
We have to turn it off. okay?
Then contact Food Safety!
We're not turning anything off.
[drops vest]
Georg. sit down.
[Maria] Okay. please be careful.
[suspenseful music]
[water bubbling]
[water movement at distance]
[eerie sting]
[thud]
-[thud]
-[muffled grunting]
[computer beeping]
Um. module three is offline.
[keyboard clacking]
-[heavy breathing]
-[Maria] Cato. did you do it?
-Yeah. help me up. guys.
-[Maria] Yeah.
Fuck! There's something
down there. Help me up!
-[Maria grunting]
-[Cato screams]
-[Hallvard] Cato. don't--
Don't let go!
-[Cato screaming]
-[Maria and Caro screaming]
-[Hallvard] Cato. what's
happening? Cato. no!
-[Maria sobbing]
-Cato! Cato!
Help! Help!
[computer beeping]
There's someone
at the outermost pens.
Maria? Fuck!
[tense music]
-[computer beeping]
-[keyboard clacking]
[deep rumbling]
[alarm wailing]
Georg. turn it off.
They're serial-connected.
It's not possible!
I can't connect to any of them!
[tense music continues]
[Maria sobbing] Daddy!
-What are you doing. sweetheart?
-[Maria cries]
-[Jostein] Huh?
-He just disappeared. Daddy!
We have to go down there.
-We have to go down. please!
-[coughing]
[retching]
-Are you okay?
-[heavy thud]
[Hallvard screams]
-Get them inside!
-[Erik] Let's go. guys.
Come on. inside!
You too. Johanne! Let's go.
-Maria. come on!
Come on. let's go.
-Get inside! In. in!
[water splashing]
[sighs]
-Jostein. you have to let go.
Go. go!
-Y-- Yeah. yeah.
[music fades]
[wind blowing]
[distant growl]
-[water splashes]
-[Johanne gasps]
[distant growl]
[muffled thuds and rumbling]
[ominous music]
[alarm wailing]
[computer voice] Anchor alarm.
-Anchor alarm.
-Oh. what the fuck.
[music continues]
[deep distant growl]
[music increasing]
[creature growling]
[panting]
[creature huffs]
[deep breaths]
[Johanne breathing shakily]
[creature huffs]
[wet. squishing movement]
[uneasy music]
[panting]
[computer beeping]
You guys. it's enormous.
[panting]
[Jostein]
What the fuck was that?
[Johanne]
We have to be completely quiet.
-[metallic thud]
-[gasps]
[floor creaking]
[faint growling]
[Maria] Johanne. what is it?
[Johanne] Parasites.
[faint growling]
-[thud]
-[both gasp]
[high-pitched chirring]
[frantic skittering on glass]
Come on. Maria. let's go.
[thuds]
[soft frantic thuds]
[shushing]
[frantic skittering]
[breathing shakily]
[heavy metallic thud]
[frantic skittering]
[Jostein]
Maria. stay close to me.
[gasp]
[deep rumble]
[alarm wailing]
[Georg] What the fuck?
[keyboard clacking]
The whole rig is moving.
That shouldn't be possible.
There's just no way!
-Maria. come here!
-Let go of her! Stop!
[ominous rumble]
[frantic skittering]
[skittering stops abruptly]
[music builds]
-[all gasp]
-[thud]
[panting]
[door slams]
[deep rumble]
[cries]
-[grunting while stomping]
-[wet squeaking]
-[Jostein] Come here.
-Go. go.
Go. go now.
[heavy breathing]
[loud crash]
[alarm wailing]
Fuck this!
[rapid thuds]
[tense music]
[alarm wailing]
-[heavy crash]
-[all grunt]
[eerie music]
No!
[crying]
-[screams]
-[Jostein] No. Maria!
Maria!
[tense music]
[loud crash]
[wet. squishing movement]
-[music builds]
-[wet. squishing movement]
[Johanne panting]
[Erik] Johanne!
[grunts]
Maria!
[breathing heavily]
Oh!
[wet. squishing movement]
[grunts]
[Maria screaming]
-[Jostein grunts]
-[wet thud]
[Maria and Jostein screaming]
[Maria] Dad! No!
[screaming]
[breathing heavily]
[panting and grunting]
[creature huffs]
[wet. squishing movement]
[Johanne panting]
[vent rattling]
[panting]
[frantic skittering]
[Johanne cries]
[wet. squishing movement]
[music continues]
[grunting]
[yells]
-[music fades]
-[grunts]
[gasping for air]
[grunts]
[panting]
[ominous music]
[Georg mutters]
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey you. hey you!
[gasping]
[high-pitched squeaks]
[frantic skittering]
-[high-pitched squeaks]
-[Georg grunts]
[creature squeaking]
[soft growling]
[high-pitched squeak]
[crying]
[screams]
Help me! Help-- [grunts]
[screaming] Help!
[muffled screaming]
-[screaming echoes]
-[music fades]
[Johanne breathing slowly]
[water dripping]
[sighs]
[distant rattling]
[soft wet. squishing movement]
[eerie music]
[wet. squishing movement]
[groans]
[music building]
[panting]
[wet. squishing movement]
[music continues]
[breathing shakily]
[music turns tense]
[electronic music on speakers]
[siren wails]
[Henriette] Hey!
[eerie sting]
[suspenseful music]
[breathing shakily]
[panting]
[mutters indistinctly]
[soft thud from axe]
[wet. squishing movements]
[music builds]
[pull cord yanked]
[engine revving]
[wet. squishing movement]
[both grunt]
[Erik] Go. go! Go. go!
-[groaning]
-[tense music]
[creature growls]
[soft mystical music]
[distant metallic thud]
[Maria sobbing]
Maria.
[sighs]
Daddy!
[ominous music]
[Jostein] I'm here now.
[laughing]
[Jostein sighs]
[both grunt]
-Daddy...
-Yeah?
-We have to jump.
-Huh?
Okay. Okay. Okay.
-Okay.
[muffled splash]
[high-pitched muffled squeals]
Daddy!
[gasping for air]
[Jostein] Maria!
Oh. Maria. oh. honey.
Maria. Maria...
[loud growling]
[music continues]
Honey. swim! Swim! Swim! Swim!
-Swim. honey! Swim
-But-- Wait. wait! Daddy!
-Swim. honey!
-Dad! No. Daddy!
-Please. Daddy!
-Swim! Swim!
-[Jostein grunts]
-Daddy!
-Hey!
-[grunting]
Daddy! [cries]
[muffled] No!
[opera music on speakers]
[tapping on glass]
[glass shatters]
[water gushing in]
[loud crash]
[computer voice]
Reduce Sonic Lice intensity.
Georg. where are you?
I need you here!
-Look out. Erik!
-[computer voice]
Reduce Sonic Lice intensity.
-Reduce Sonic Lice--
-[Johanne screams]
-[power shutting off]
-[music fades]
[male voice on video]
Meet Sonic Lice.
our groundbreaking solution
[distorted voice]
for a healthier
salmon industry.
[soft pensive music]
[distant thud]
[metallic thuds]
[music fades]
[muffled splash]
[Maria gasps for air]
[ominous music]
[gun clicks]
[panting]
[Maria]
It took Dad. It took Dad.
[blare hisses]
[distant dry thud]
[Johanne]
Here you go. you're okay.
[boat engine revving]
[panting]
Deep breaths. It's okay.
That's it. it's okay.
-Do you think it's coming back?
-Just relax.
Don't think about
that now. okay?
We'll take care of you.
There you go.
Slow your breathing.
[dramatic music]
[deep growl]
[water splashing]
[heavy thuds]
It's not gonna give up.
Do you have any
more transducers?
-Do you?
-Oh. Yeah. in the workshop.
[Johanne]
We gotta get it away from here.
We have only one chance.
Remove all the blockers.
we need maximum effect.
[Erik] Okay.
[music continues]
[Johanne]
It's gonna follow the sound.
[Erik] It'll be a bomb.
you do realize that. right?
[Johanne] We have to get it away
from the fish farm.
[Erik] How far do we have to go?
[Johanne] A few hundred meters.
[Erik]
Okay. the modules are connected.
Don't touch that switch.
-[frantic skittering]
-[eerie music]
[music builds]
-[gun shot]
-[music stops]
-[Maria sighs]
-[grunts]
[Henriette] Maria!
[Maria cries]
Sweetheart. you're okay.
Hey... Where's Daddy?
[melancholic music]
[crying]
[loud crash]
-[Henriette] What do we do?
-Let's go to the control room.
Up the stairs. We'll get it
away from the fish farm.
We'll take the boat. okay?
[Henriette]
Yeah. yeah. Up! Up here!
[tense music]
-The moorings.
-Yeah.
[growls]
[boat engine starting]
Erik. promise me
you'll get them to shore.
[engine revving]
Johanne!
[metal creaking]
[soft suspenseful music]
[birds chirping and squawking]
-[engine turns off]
-[music fades]
[device beeping]
[high-pitched whirring]
[suspenseful music]
[distant growling]
[seagulls squawking]
[music continues]
[music and ambiance stops]
[ominous rumble]
[eerie music]
[muffled groan]
[muffled movements]
[soft mystical music]
[muffled soft growls]
[whirring builds]
[muffled high-pitched
energy blast]
[music continues]
[music turns pensive]
Mom... There's the boat.
The police boat. Mom!
[mumbles]
[Henriette]
No. no. careful. Erik!
Johanne!
-[paddling]
-[grunting]
[inhales deeply]
[Olav] Hello?
-Hello!
-[gasps]
Olav! Have you seen Johanne?
[music fades]
[panting]
[melancholic music]
[cries]
[mutters]
[music continues]
[crying]
[music fades]
[soft melancholic music]
[seagulls squawking]
[Maria] Johanne...
I remember you said that
only five percent
of the ocean has been explored.
[distant howling]
And then you said...
"...Maybe it's for the best."
[music continues]
[rattling]
But I have to go out
and explore more.
Because you also
taught me something else.
That we have
to listen to the ocean.
Before it's too late.
[intriguing music]
[ominous music]
[muffled wet movements]
[music fades]
[rock music]
[music continues]
[music turns intriguing]
[music turns soft]
[music continues]
[music fades]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today